[Bulk] Validation - Missing descriptions (#1464)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/using-keyboard-events.md

---
title: "Using Keyboard Events"

> description: Learn how to handle and use keyboard events in Windows Forms so that you can use each keyboard event and the data that is supplied for each event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to handle and use keyboard events in Windows Forms. You can also access the data provided by a keyboard event, such as the key that is pressed.
```
